feat: add zod recipe (#23)
astrolicious/astro-tips.dev: src/content/docs/recipes/leverage-zod-s-power.mdx

Reviewer: I really like this...  might have to use this for my own project to do images.... if i ever go back to standard collections

---
title: Leverage Zod's power
---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Zod](https://zod.dev/) is a TypeScript-first schema validation with static type inference. It's used in many parts
of Astro and can help you achieve more advanced behavior.

A common place where Astronauts want more customization is in the
[Content Collections config](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/#defining-collections). We'll look at

> 3 powerful zod features that cover basic needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3 powerful Zod features that cover a few basic use-cases.
```

### `preprocess`

> People often want a bit more customization regarding how they reference images inside their frontmatter. For instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
People often want a bit more customization when referencing images inside their frontmatter. For instance:
```
